doc: Add mocking requests section in webDriver.md (#1861)
Codeception/CodeceptJS: docs/webdriver.md

Also you can replace real request with a one explicitly defined. This is useful when you want to isolate application testing from a backend. For instance, if you don't want to save data to database, and you know the request which performs save, you can mock the request, so application will treat this as valid response, but no data will be actually saved.

To mock requests enable additional helper [Polly](https://codecept.io/helpers/Polly) (which is based on Polly.js).

```js
helpers: {
   WebDriver: {
     // regular WebDriver config here
   },
   Polly: {}
}
```

The function `mockRequest` will be added to `I` object. You can use it to explicitly define which requests to block and which response they should return instead:

```js
// block all Google Analytics calls
I.mockRequest('/google-analytics/*path', 200);
// return an empty successful response
I.mockRequest('GET', '/api/users', 200);
// block post requests to /api/users and return predefined object
I.mockRequest('POST', '/api/users', { user: 'davert' });
// return error request with body
I.mockRequest('GET', '/api/users/1', 404, { error: 'User not found' });
```

> **Note: In WebDriver mocking is disabled every time a new page is loaded. Hence, `_startMocking` method should be called and the mocks should be updated, after navigating to a new page. This is a limitation of WebDriver.**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> ℹ In WebDriver mocking is disabled every time a new page is loaded. Hence, `_startMocking` method should be called and the mocks should be updated, after navigating to a new page. This is a limitation of WebDriver.**
```

```js
I.amOnPage('/xyz');
I.mockRequest({ ... })
I.click('Go to Next Page');
// new page is loaded, mocking is disabled now. We need to set it up again
// in WebDriver as we can't detect that the page was reloaded, so no mocking :(
```

> See [`mockRequest` API](https://codecept.io/helpers/Polly#mockrequest)

> To see `mockRequest` method in intellisense auto completion don't forget to run `codeceptjs def` command:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To see `mockRequest` method in auto-completion list, don't forget to run `codeceptjs def` command:
```

```
npx codeceptjs def
```

> Mocking rules will be kept while a test is running. To stop mocking use `I.stopMocking()` command

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Mocking rules will be applied for a current page. To stop mocking use `I.stopMocking()` command
```
